https://www.thebalancemoney.com/worst-interview-answers-2061232

This article emphasizes the importance of giving strong answers during job interviews. Subpar responses can make you seem unprepared or lacking qualifications. It provides examples of bad answers to questions like "Why should we hire you?" and "What are your strengths?" Instead, candidates should highlight their qualifications and provide specific examples. It advises against badmouthing previous employers and suggests framing weaknesses around non-essential skills. The article also encourages candidates to ask thoughtful questions about the job and career paths. Overall, it emphasizes the need for preparation and practice to make a positive impression on interviewers.

Why Should We Hire You? 
Respond to the question "Why should we hire you?" with an answer that illustrates how your qualifications and strengths fit the job, along with some anecdotes to illustrate your qualifications.

Tell Me About Your Last Job
Think of this question as an opportunity for you to highlight impressive qualifications as well as any skills that map well to the job you're interviewing for. 

What Did You Like Least About Your Previous Position? 
Even though this question seems framed to draw out something negative, do your best to keep your response positive. One way to do this is to discuss how you grew from your experience. 

What Are Your Strengths?
Do your best to mention strengths that would be in demand at the role at hand. And give examples.

Can You Share a Weakness? 
You always need to be prepared to share a weakness so you can demonstrate that you are committed to professional growth and have some self-insight.

Why Were You Fired? 
You could talk about how being cut loose was a blessing, or how you and your employer came to a mutual understanding

Why Have You Decided to Apply for This Position? 
You should show that you have researched the company and prove that you are a good fit for the job. 

Where Do You See Yourself 5 Years From Now? 
A better answer to where you see yourself in five years is to speak about what you would like to learn and accomplish during that time, with an emphasis on excelling in the job for which you are interviewing.

Do You Work Well With Others? 
it's important to let the interviewer know that you get along well with everyone at work.

Why Should We Hire You?
be ready to mention the specific assets or qualifications you possess that will help you succeed in the job. 

Tell Me About Yourself 
You'll generally be better off by using this opening to mention some of your professionally oriented attributes that will help you get the job done.

Do You Have Any Questions for Me? 
If you don't have any questions, it can seem like you're not truly interested in the role, weren't engaged in the conversation, or didn't prepare for the interview. 

